PyCitySchools

In this challenge, I was asked help teh school board make budget decisions based on the analysis of school success. 
School success was measured by percentages of students passing math and reading. And the overall passing percentages.

Make sure to Download the Module 4 Challenge to obtain the resources full of data.

First, create a district summary. From there, values will be calculated to create a DataFrame that acts as a baseline for the entire district.
The following needs to be calculated from the imported resources:
    Total number of unique schools
    Total students
    Total budget
    Average math score
    Average reading score
    % passing math (the percentage of students who passed math)
    % passing reading (the percentage of students who passed reading)
    % overall passing (the percentage of students who passed math AND reading)

These will be key metrics listed in the dataframe. 
    
Next, find the metrics regarding each school. For each school the following should be collected:
    School name
    School type
    Total students
    Total school budget
    Per student budget
    Average math score
    Average reading score
    % passing math (the percentage of students who passed math)
    % passing reading (the percentage of students who passed reading)
    % overall passing (the percentage of students who passed math AND reading)

Create a dataframe with these metrics. 

Then create dataframes to observe the highest performing and lowest performing schools by passing percentage.

Next create dataframes that measure math scores by grade at each school and reading scores by grade at each school.

Finally, see how the scores measure up to school spending, size and type.
Create bins to achieve this.

Analyze the data.

Resources: 
  Data generated by Mockaroo, LLCLinks to an external site., (2022). Realistic Data Generator. Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
  https://git.bootcampcontent.com/Columbia-University/CU-VIRT-DATA-PT-12-2023-U-LOLC/-/tree/main/04-Data-Analysis-Pandas?ref_type=heads
  For removal of dollar signs and return to integer: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38516481/trying-to-remove-commas-and-dollars-signs-with-pandas-in-python
  For return to numeric: https://saturncloud.io/blog/pandas-tips-change-column-type/#:~:text=To%20convert%20one%20or%20more,depending%20on%20the%20input%20data.
